*****************************************************************************************
*											*
*				Record  of Team 16 Meetings				*
*											*
*****************************************************************************************

This is a record of the Stand-Up Meetings.

1) 3/3/21 discussions on:

	where we were as individuals within the unit
	size of the group (4 members only) 
	devising other ideas before settling on a final project
	agree meeting on 5/3/21 to update

	To do:
	i) contact Allison re concerns on group size
	ii) come up with more ideas


2) 5/3/21 discussions on:

	Allison email re possible extensions etc in case we need them
	3 new ideas, anxiety heat map, local music, local reviews
	Some talk of roles etc (to be determined)
	Given the size of group maybe simplify some of the ideas and check with Pete 
        about them
	Creation of this log
	Marking scheme
	Agree meeting 2pm Fr 12th March extra to classes

	To do:
	i) add all ideas to ideas.txt on github
	ii) create meetings log
	iii) Nathan will simplify the breathable idea
	iv) next meeting to have pros and cons for ideas
	    these can be done via writing if easier

3) 9/3/21 plan of action discussed during scheduled class
	
	A Pros and Cons Google Sheet for each project created
	Everyone to add to it ahead of meeting on the 12th
	Using issues etc on GitHub to help project management

4) 12/3/21 discussions on:

	Pros and cons of each project
	Possibility that decisions will be taken by majority of those in attendance in future
	Current front-runner is Glacial View for simplicity - project idea isn't
	evaluated
	Final decision to be made next Thursday 18th at 11am after lesson when we know more
	about APIs
	
	Glacial View:  enter your power usage (maybe combined eg used laptop 2 hours,
	5 hours on phone, 1 hour tv etc)... it then generates a score that is represented on a 
	Y axis graph to show growing/shrinking glacier based on your usage at this rate in a 
	year/decade/etc.  Can show your historical usage, and maybe compare you to average in a
	country.  **need to look in to APIs we can use**

	Outstanding To Do: none

	To Do:
	i) add Google Sheet to github 
	
	*** NEXT MEETING 11AM THURSDAY 18th MARCH ***

5) 18/3/21 discussions on:

	1) Talked with Allison H (TA) regarding scope and viability of Glacier View.  Whilst we 
	   believe it may be less challenging, it does in fact meet the brief and there is 
	   potential to expand the tech side with mobile deployment etc.

	Outstanding To Do: upload Google Sheet to github

	To Do:
	i) notes on data availability/sources etc

	*** DUE TO JAVA ASSIGNMENT NEXT MEETING 11am THURSDAY 25TH MARCH ***

6) 25/03/21 discussions on:
	
	1) Talked to Peter B regarding our project idea, keeping the git active, potential sprint timing and
	   booking a meeting with Allison during easter break.
	2) Booked a meeting with Allison for the 15th of April.

	To Do:
	i) Get a working dashboard onto the main/develop branch on github.
	
	Next meeting scheduled for 11:00am 06/04/21 after Java extension. 
